First of all, sorry for the franglish you can encounter during the reading of the project :')

Did you finish all of the milestones? 
> We unfortunately didn't finished all the milestones.

What did/didn’t you attempt? 
> To be honest we didn't tried the milestone 7, breaking at function names. As we already said it in the README.md, a lack of time due to our exams kinda stopped us from clearing all the milestones :(    

Are there any remaining bugs that you’re aware of?
> From what we tested, there is no bug we discovered.
> There is maybe something that can cause a "bug" is that you have to press the syscall instruction "s" once to enter the syscall to make the breakpoint instruction working. 
> We understood that we were not in the child program before this.

What did you like about this assignment? 
> Ryan speaking : It was an excellent way for me to deepen my knowledge about CPU's and OPCodes. But also understanding how works the debugger i use everyday !
> Team : The felleing of really understanding what was happening during a program execution and starting to fell more confortable writing Rust code. 

What did you not like about it?
> We didn't really likes anything. We chose this subject over the loadbalancer so we knew what we were going to have :)

Were there any parts you got stuck on?
> To be really honest, the breakpoint part was a mess. We had to understand that 0xcc would create a SIGTRAP and cath it. But we also had to restore the state of the adresse before modifying it.
> On paper, it was supposed to be easy, in practice we had a long 5 hours debugging session before finguring out what was not working ahah 

Did you try anything to improve performance?
> We'll be honest here, no. It's working super fast actually and we're not asking too much for the computer so i'ts pretty fast and we didn't saw anything to improve right now with instructions we have.

If you were continuing to work on this project, what might be a next thing you would implement? (Additional features? A way to improve performance?)
> We really want to add the break instruction with function name. We couldn't get our head on it but it seems super fun to do.

What surprised you? What did you learn?
> What surprised us is how easy a debugger works. It was kinda obsucre for us but once you learn about the ptrace syscall and what it does, everything is no more magic but pure logic :')